Most companies bet their entire LinkedIn
strategy on the founder. I did something
different. I turned 24 employees into
LinkedIn influencers. Combined, we grew
to over $250,000 plus followers, but
also managed to sign 27 new clients in
85 days, which generated $151,000 per
month in new revenue. And prospects
would keep telling us, "We see you guys
everywhere." So, in this video, I'll
show the complete system including the
one-on-one frameworks, the group
training sessions, the competition, the
hiring criterias that turn regular team
members into consistent LinkedIn
ambassadors so that your team can be
everywhere instead of just youing.
So, let's jump in. So, first, why do so?
In the first place, let me share some
numbers. In the span of 85 days, 24
people from my team published a combined
581 times on LinkedIn. This generated a
total of 43,000 reactions, 28,000
comments, and 34,000 new followers. As I
mentioned earlier, it led to signing 27
B2B agency clients, amounting to
$151,000
in new monthly recurring revenue.
Second, I believe it's a huge win-win
for your team. they get the opportunity
to grow their brand which is a precious
asset they own and that will benefit
them over the long term whatever they
decide to pursue and so this makes
working for your company
transformational in ways beyond what
they learn on the job for you it's a
very cost effective way to send visitors
to your website and I can tell you
already it generates leads every single
day third on top of that it showcases
various blends of expertise and this is
especially valuable for B2B agencies
even our head of growth grew his
audience to 19,000 plus followers and
talks about ABM, LinkedIn ads and fin
grew to 10,000 plus followers talking
about AI agent building and and
workflows. Monica grew above 10k
followers sharing her best call rights.
So, our head of service delivery, grew
to 12K by giving pointers on how to
scale internal operations at a growing
B2B agency. And Alex grew to 58,000 plus
followers by sharing insight around
systems, hiring, and leadership. And
finally, I got my own account by 65,000
plus followers by publishing growth
playbooks, insights around go to market
technologies, and sharing my fun
journey. The fourth point, all of this
adds up to a combined posting volume
that makes it impossible not to come
across your company on LinkedIn. So if
you are to ask our sales team, they will
tell you one prospect out of at the very
least right out tells them we see you
guys everywhere. So how to do so? Now,
ensuring that your team post and making
sure their content performs isn't as
simple as just telling them to start
posting and hoping they'll figure it
out. So, here's how I did it and what I
recommend you to do as well. First, I
incentivized my team to post. When I
first realized how powerful LinkedIn was
for lead generation, I figured that more
people from my team posting could mean
even more leads. At the time, there were
only seven or eight people in my team.
And so, I launched challenge with these
simple rules. Whoever had the most post
above 20 likes during the quarter would
get a $1,000 prize. I didn't think much
about it, but three months later, it gen
it it had generated 4 million plus
combined impressions and was directly
responsible for 80,000 plus dollars in
new monthly recurring revenue. All that
from a $1,000 prize competition. So the
next quarter I did it again with bigger
prizes. And we repeated this competition
quarter after quarter. And for the last
one, we came up with a scoring system
based on engagement and follower growth
with the opportunity to gain for the
first person $5,000, for the runner up
2.5K, for the third place 1.5K, and for
the fourth place $1,000, but then we
also gave away 500 bucks for every
person from the team that published 20
plus times over the quarter. Second, you
need to make it as effortless as
possible to post for everyone involved.
Because here's the thing about LinkedIn.
To make a post perform great, you need a
combination of a proven angle or a great
idea, an attention grabbing hook, a well
structured, breitable writing, a
captivating visual, and you don't need
this all, but the more the most likely
your post will outperform. So, to make a
LinkedIn account performs great, you
need to do all of the above several
times a week, ideally over three times
per week. And it's essential to stay
consistent at all costs. And as you can
guess, making good content takes time.
And most of your team members have a
full-time job that doesn't include
LinkedIn in their job responsibilities.
So I like to save as much time as
possible for my team. So I encourage my
team to reuse my high performing post as
well as proven topic angles. The idea is
that it will help them stay consistent
and once they get used to likes,
follower growth, and compliments in the
DM, it will motivate them to spend more
time creating content. But most
importantly, we put designers at their
disposal because adding nice visuals,
whether it's a image, carousel, video,
has a huge impact on post performance.
But doing this takes time. And so hiring
a good designer means that your
teammates will have nice visuals to
accompany their post. But they will be
able to allocate most of their time on
the writing bits nonetheless. Which
brings me to my next point. Third point,
it's one thing to make it easy to post
for your team. It's another to help your
team become good at posting. And yes,
that means you need to invest resources
training them. Making this work requires
many unscalable one-on-one sessions in
which we had to plan content together,
brainstorm ID, rewrite posts and hooks
as well as scalable actions in which we
run teamwide sessions to share best
practices and we brought some big
influencers like Clara Costa Pel to
teach our team. And as an example, Ian
Falco had 4K followers and was
struggling to crack 40 likes in the
beginning. After our first team session,
his post already started hitting 150
plus likes consistently. When I asked
him what had changed, he said, "I just
had one unlock from the session, and it
was the only thing I was missing." It
then grew from 4,000 to 19,000 plus
followers. That said, the easiest and
best way to train your team is to show
them what great looks like. Because what
I noticed is that the number one reason
why people will spend time consistently
posting weeks over weeks without ever
improving is that they have no idea of
what a great post looks like. As in
what's a post that performs on LinkedIn
and that means they have no baseline to
strive towards. I'm going to explain to
you how to constantly find great posts
in your niche. But first, let me break
down the anatomy of a great post that
performs well with one of mine has
generated over 100,000 impressions. So,
first you need a proven angle or a great
idea. And I think the best way to
illustrate that concept is to quote Mr.
Beast where he essentially describes
that two people could spend the same
amount of time making a video, but one
of the two people they have a video that
makes say 10,000 views while the second
person has a video that makes 1 million
views and that the main difference
between these two people is that one had
a much better idea, a much better angle.
So that means that spending time
identifying IDs, spending time on
content ideation is a very high error
activity. Think about it this way.
Imagine that you take a specific
LinkedIn post ID and you will allocate
one hour writing about it. But let's say
that in one instance, you know for a
fact that if you talk about a very
specific topic, you'll get 100,000 plus
people interested in the video and will
watch it. And while if you talk about
this other topic, you estimate that only
1,000 people will view it. So there is
like a 100x differential between these
two ideas or angles which actually means
that if you were to spend two three
times more time or two three hours on
the idea that you know for a fact
generate 100,000 views you would still
be spending less time per view writing
the post than the other case in which
you spent one hour writing. So I'm going
to give you a hack as to how to
constantly find these pro IDs. But here
going back to the post, the angle for
the post was to describe Lambly's
textile as in what are the tools that
power their SAS business. And so in my
opinion, the reason why this angle is so
strong is that overall people are
interested in software. They want to
know how they can use technology to be
more productive or to sell more or to be
more visible online, whatever that is.
But here, the egger isn't just saying,
hey, these are tools you can use to
accomplish X use case. It's saying,
"Hey, these are the tools that a company
that makes over 30 million per year
uses." So, this implies that if you run
a tech company, you're getting some sort
of peak or behind the scenes as to what
sort of technologies you could use to
help you get there. Second, you need to
provide depth and valuable insights.
Obviously, one of the reason why people
will read the post and reshare it,
engage with it, enjoy it, is because
they learn something valuable. That
means that you need to share valuable
insights and not hesitate to go in
depth. In this instance, the angle of
the post some almost guarantees that the
post will be valuable in the condition
that it's actually well executed. When I
talked about how you would get a peak or
behind the scenes around the
technologies that power a 30 million
plus year SAS, I didn't just give you a
few tools. I actually gave away the
entire stack. Third, you need an
attention grabbing hook. So, you need a
hook that will grab your reader's
attention because with LinkedIn, you
need to think about things in this way.
People are browsing their feed and they
don't see your entire post yet. The only
thing they see is the first two lines of
the post. So, you need to be able to
write these two lines in a way that will
make them curious to the point that they
will want to click on the see more
button because only then can they see
the entire post. So, that means that you
need to spend some extra time thinking
about what's the most essential part of
your post or what's the thing you can
say that will make people want to read
this entire post. And so in this case
here I wrote Lamb list recently crossed
34 million in annual recurring revenue.
Here is every tool they use to run their
SAS. So what I did here is that I used a
big revenue figure. And the reason why I
inputed these numbers is to answer the
why should you care? Because imagine if
I say hey here are all of the tools that
lame list uses. In this case you would
be like okay but who the is lame
list right? You don't know lamb list.
you've never heard of them or you could
have heard of them, but that means that
the only people interested in reading
this post are the ones who know them
list already. So, I'm missing out on a
lot of people. And so, by adding this
room figure, I ensure that the next
thing I'm going to say about them, you
will care about because way more people
care about what a company making a lot
of money does than a company that's
basically broke. So, the second line is
here's every tool they use to win their
SAS. This is the best depiction of what
you'll get from the post because the
post essentially describes each of the
tools they use and how they use them.
Next, you need a captivating visual. So,
let's go back to what I was describing
around how when people are browsing
LinkedIn, the only thing they see from
your post is the first two lines of the
post. This is true if you don't add any
visuals. So, if it's a texton post, then
they will only see the first two lines.
But if you had a big image and it's a
vertical image where the format is 1050
* 1380 then they actually will see this
image along with these two lines. And
the reason why it's especially important
is that the combination of the twoline
hook and the image will actually take up
the entire space on the screen. So that
makes it way more difficult to enjoy
your post. But the beauty of adding the
visuals is that if they are compelling
enough, if they are aesthetically
pleasing, they will stop the scroll as
in people will want to look at them. But
then they actually also serve as a
second hook. Because remember what I
said about those first two lines. You
can actually use the writing or the
space you have in the image to write
another title or another sort of subhook
which will make people stop. So you have
way more real estate to make people stop
on your post and read the rest of the
post. But the thing is that a nice
visual can even serve as a post on its
own. So that's something that I see my
friend Pierre Ariel do quite often where
he will take a huge infographic that's
very detailed and instead of actually
writing something just write a one hook
line and then post the image and it
still performs super well. So the image
here is very important. From what I'm
seeing, it's two, three times up to 10
times the reach that you would have
gotten if it were a texton only post. So
if you look at my content and my team's
content, what you'll notice is that
every post comes with a visual. So the
thing here is that if you want to scale
this motion to your entire team, the
best thing to do is to actually hire a
full-time designer who will take care of
creating all of these designs so that
your team can focus on the writing bit.
they can focus on just sharing their
insights and this ensures that their
insights will be well packaged or
accompanied by a nice visual. Now going
back to the post here what you can see
is that it's an infographic that
visually presents all of the tools that
were mentioned by use case and that
connects them together as in how the
categories of tools interact with each
other. And so I think you'd admit that
this is obviously much more appealing
than if I had shared a listical of all
of the tools just one by one without any
visual effect. Okay. Next, you need some
well structured readable writing. You
want to structure your post and make it
breathable. And this is
self-explanatory, but just look at the
post and look at how I'm using spacing
emojis and formatting it. Just imagine
what if this had been just a huge blog
of compact text without any spacing. It
wouldn't have been that easy to read,
right? Because it would have been tough
to read. Way fewer people would have
wanted to read it, which means way fewer
people would have spent some time on the
post, engaging with the post, sharing
the post, and so on and so on. So, this
concludes my third point on how to make
your team good at posting. But another
thing that's very efficient is to equip
your team with the right tools. And
there are a few tools that can be very
helpful. So for example, as you can see
here, I'm not a native English speaker.
And something I like to use when I write
is grammarly. So that when I write, it
just corrects my spelling in real time.
And so it ensures that I don't make too
many mistakes on my LinkedIn post.
That's something you could do. But then
I'll say the most important category of
tools relates to my previous points
around how important it is to have a
great idea or to have a great angle. And
this is where content ideation tools
come in handy. There are two tools that
are great for that. One tapio and tools
scribe with tapio. What you would
essentially do is that you would simply
input your keywords of choice. So for
example, you could be searching for AI
gens lead generation GTM or any of the
source of topic and they have this
filter tab that allows you to filter for
post that have had for example minimum
200 likes minimum 50 comments that were
published within the last month and it
were published by someone who didn't
have too many followers.
That way it's actually a viral post that
you would be seeing and once you do
input all of its criteria they will show
you a feed of viral post and proven
content ideas that you can get
inspiration from. With Scrape it's
exactly the same idea but what they have
that is specific to them is that you can
search by people. So what you could do
for example is search someone like my
friend Pier Reel who has over 160,000
plus followers on LinkedIn and you would
get a custom feed from all of his
LinkedIn posts. What's interesting is
you can then filter for post that
they've had at least 500 likes from a
specific date range and you will get a
feed of only his viral publications.
Next step, your team needs to want to
grow their following because one of the
easiest way to have many team members
that grow on LinkedIn is to find people
who are already motivated to grow their
following. And so here's what eventually
happens. If you have a dominant LinkedIn
content motion, what will happen is that
many new generers will hear from you
first via LinkedIn. So this is something
that happened to us where for example
Kenny discovered code like you from a
post by Monica and so when he applied he
actually had this idea in mind that he
also wanted to post on LinkedIn and it
was the opportunity that she'd be
working at like you to learn our ways of
doing B2B social media. And so funny
enough, he was actually publishing
straight from his second day working
with us. He started at around 1,000
followers, I think 10 months ago, and
now he's about to reach 10,000. Sixth,
if you want to make your LinkedIn motion
successful, it needs to start at the
top. Over the past couple of years, I
published well over 500 times. Even
during our LinkedIn competition
challenge, in the span of 3 months,
Alex, my business partner, had published
65 times. and I had published 57 times
within 80 days. So when we talk about
consistency, we actually walk the talk.
We lead by example because why would
your team do something that you don't
impose to yourself? The other truth is
that it's much easier to coach people if
you're knowledgeable around the topic.
Because if you don't know anything about
LinkedIn, then you have two
alternatives. You could hire someone
like us, like Pubel, like Lara Costa to
coach your team, which will cost you
money. or you could just take some extra
time helping people yourself and that's
actually much more cost effective. Last
point, and this is a good news, it
actually gets easier with every person
that manages to successfully grow. We
currently have seven team members with
over 10,000 plus followers. Myself above
65,000, Alex above 57,000, Ian above
19,000, above 16,000, so Monica and
Kenny above 10,000. And so what happens
is that every successful internal
audience growth builds conviction for
the rest of the team that they can make
it happen as well. So that was it for
today. I'm actually pretty convinced
that we'll see more and more of this
employeeled motion and many B2B content
success stories in 2026. And if you plan
to be one of them, then I wish you good
luck.